Adds columns kwarg to plot methods (#6056)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6056.feature.rst

> Adds `columns` kwarg to plot method to timeseries sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a ``columns`` keyword to each plot method for all `sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries` sources.
```
